"Curse of the self-taught: fear that you know only points here and there, islands of knowledge, and between them are chasms into which you will fall in humiliating failure, a fear that followed me from the first time I learned how to code." – Ellen Ullman, Life in Code
"The most dangerous phrase in the language is, 'We've always done it this way.'" – Grace Hopper, computer pioneer and naval officer
"Programming isn't about what you know; it's about what you can figure out." – Chris Pine, Learn to Program
"Code is read much more often than it is written." – Guido Van Rossum, creator of Python
"You might not think that programmers are artists, but programming is an extremely creative profession. It's logic-based creativity." – John Romero, video game developer and programmer
"This was one of the best parts of being a coder, and an artist: the thrill of being in the middle of creating something delightful. It's like the anticipation of eating freshly baked bread after its aroma fills the room." – Dr. Joy Buolamwini, Unmasking AI
"Every great developer you know got there by solving problems they were unqualified to solve until they actually did it." – Patrick McKenzie, software engineer
"The code you write makes you a programmer. The code you delete makes you a good one. The code you don't have to write makes you a great one." – Mario Fusco, Principal Software Engineer at Red Hat
"Code is like humor. When you have to explain it, it's bad." – Cory House, React and JavaScript specialist
"The more I study, the more insatiable do I feel my genius for it to be." – Ada Lovelace, the world's first computer programmer
"Learning to write programs stretches your mind, and helps you think better, creates a way of thinking about things that I think is helpful in all domains." – Bill Gates, Microsoft co-founder
"In the beginner's mind, there are many possibilities; in the expert's mind, there are few." – Shunryu Suzuki, Zen monk and teacher
"Any fool can write code that a computer can understand. Good programmers write code that humans can understand." – Martin Fowler, Refactoring
"The function of good software is to make the complex appear to be simple." – Grady Booch, Chief Scientist for Software Engineering at IBM Research
